Hey everybody, welcome to Python Bytes.
And we're ready to go, so let's just jump in.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes,
where we deliver Python news and headlines
directly to your earbuds.
This is episode 341, recorded June 20th, 2023.
And I am Brian Okken.
- And I'm Michael Kennedy.
- And today this course is,
or this episode is sponsored by us.
If you wanna support us,
you can take one of the courses at Talk Python Training.
There's an excellent pytest course there.
And please check out Test and Code Podcast
and a book about pytest if you're curious.
We also have Patreon supporters.
So thank you, Patreon supporters.
So, and if you'd like to talk to us or suggest something,
We've got a contact form at pythonbytes.fm,
but you can also send us something on Mastodon.
We're all at fosstodon.org,
at Adam Kennedy, at Brian Okken, and at Python Bytes.
And we check those regularly.
Yeah, let's hit it off.
Michael, what do you got for us for the first topic?
- I'm going to back up what you just said, Brian.
- Okay.
First item comes to us from Mario Munoz.
Thank you, Mario.
Right on Mastodon.
>> Awesome.
>> And Mario says, "The Pydantic roadmap looks interesting.
I especially like the combination of analytics and observability.
Looking forward to what the team ends up building."
So the first thing I want to talk about is this thing that Mario referenced and pointed
us at, the Pydantic 2.0 roadmap, or more specifically, Pydantic Incorporated.
So recall Samuel Colvin, excellent guy, got to hang out.
We both got to hang out both with Mario and Samuel at PyCon this year, which was fun.
And he announced Pydantic Incorporated, which is a company around building data tools, somewhat
around Pydantic and Rust and those kinds of things for the Python and larger space, the
larger developer space.
But it didn't have a ton of details
of exactly where they were going.
So this roadmap is two things.
It is a hint on what Pydantic Inc is going to be about,
what kind of tools Samuel and team are going to offer.
It is also a call to action to help them
choose the right direction
so that when they go off building things,
they might build something
that you actually would want to use.
- Oh, cool.
- Yeah, right?
And so it says, look,
In return for giving us honest feedback,
you have the option to get early access,
get inside the closed beta,
and all those things for the platform.
And if you're familiar with Pydantic,
you know it's all about data exchange,
data validation, strong schemas where there are none,
and those kinds of things, right?
Bringing sanity to your data as they say.
So there's two tacks here.
Samuel says, "Well, first,
before going into what we might build,
I want to tell you what we're not building.
We're not building a new database or query engine.
They're not going to be building
or pretending that non-developers
or AI can do the job of a developer, right?
They want to accelerate developers workflows.
So for example, they're going to have CLIs
before they have GUIs.
And they're not doing 314 integrations
into every conceivable technology, right?
Think Zapier or something like that.
if this, then that.
And finally, they're not gonna have an SDK
for every language.
They're just focusing on a few languages,
you know, with Python right up front, I'm sure.
So it says, how can you help?
Well, give us feedback on the five different things
that they're considering, okay?
- Okay.
- Number one, this is the one,
this is the one that Mario liked.
Python analytics and observability,
a logging and metrics platform with tight integration
with Python and Pydantic designed to make the data flowing
through your application more readily usable
for both engineering and business analytics.
Right, if you're doing say FastAPI, exchanging data, right,
over at Python bytes, like all the stuff coming to you
is come through Pydantic classes
because we're using Beanie as the database access layer,
which is based on Pydantic, if you don't know.
Okay, so that's the analytics and observability.
Another one is a couple angles here
around data gateways for object stores.
So think S3 or something, Azure Blob Storage,
those kinds of things, digital ocean spaces.
So a gateway for your object store.
So add validation, transformation, and cataloging
in front of things like S3 with schemas defined
and then validated by their REST service.
Or same idea, but integrated into your existing data warehouse.
Number four is a schema catalog.
Since for many,
Pydantic already holds the highest fidelity representation of data schemas.
So if you had a schema catalog,
it could take that to the next level,
serving as an organization-wide single source of truth for those schemas.
So if you've got a bunch of different apps or whatever,
or whatever, especially across language maybe,
languages that talk to certain data stores, certain APIs,
like it might be some kind of central store that says,
"This is what it looks like,
and here's how you maybe generate classes to talk to it."
Finally, dashboards and UIs powered by Pydantic models,
a managed platform to deploy and control dashboards,
auxiliary apps, and internal tools,
where everything from UI components like forms and tables
to database schema would be defined in Python
using Pydantic models.
So they go into a bunch of details with code samples
of what they actually might look like
if you were to go down one of these paths.
But I'm just going to leave it here and say,
encourage everyone who cares about this
to go participate in Samuel's survey
so that they get the right feedback that they need.
- Is all of the above an option?
Because that all sounds great.
- Yeah, that's pretty good, doesn't it?
- Yeah.
- I mean, some of these don't really apply to me.
like a schema catalog for the whole company, right?
Like it's me, sometimes me and another developer.
So it's, you know, but if you were in a large organization,
even a team of handful of people
or a couple of software teams,
I think they'll start to get real valuable.
- I think they all look great,
but the data gateway for data warehouses
and for object stores, it sounds really cool
because I mean, that's sort of,
Actually, they all look pretty good.
I was curious, so you use Pentadactyl now, right?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> I went through it. So what happened,
so I know one of the things it does is it filters out stuff,
or it sends an error code or something.
If you try to send data and it's not the right type or the right data,
is that reported somewhere or is that part of
the analytics and observability thing?
>> I think that would be analytics and observability.
'cause right now it just appears as an exception.
And if you have integration with something like Sentry
or one of them other things,
then it would report it as an exception with some details,
but I don't think that's what they're thinking.
I think they're thinking much more,
even possibly like success data going through.
- Oh yeah, yeah.
Like really see how people are using an API,
so using an entry point.
I think that's pretty cool.
- Yeah, it's pretty cool.
Nice.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Well--
>> Over to you.
>> I'd like to talk about shells out of the web and into talking with your operating system,
kind of.
So I want to highlight an article called "The Right Way to Run Shell Commands" from Python.
So I guess it's not really necessarily shell commands, but kind of.
So when you're writing, some Python programs
have to interact with the operating system
for things like file system things
or starting other applications and whatnot.
And there's various ways to do that,
but one of the, I guess, I guess that's kind of part
of this article is talking about some of these tools.
So there's, it starts off with talking about
natively into Python.
So some things that you might not,
when you start having to think,
I have to interact with the shell.
You might not have to actually,
like there's pathlib that can do quite a bit for you
and you can create temp files and stuff like that
with a temp file package.
And there's shutil, which is, I guess, pretty good.
And I've never used syslog or signal,
but those things are around.
Okay, so those are things built into Python.
So make sure that you check out
the things built into Python already.
But then there's a couple other different modules
that might help.
The OS module, he's kind of going this backwards,
is probably don't directly reach for the OS module,
but there's a few things in the OS module
that are really great,
like to get your getEnvironmentalVariables,
like get the path variable or something,
you can use os.getEnv.
And there's a few other things
like getting a username and stuff,
but the, I guess, get you name.
I don't know what that is.
Is that username?
I don't know.
But anyway, the,
so there's a few things in the OS module
that are interesting,
but you're probably not looking there.
I often have used subprocess,
and this is, I guess, a reminder that
with modern Python development,
if you're using subprocess,
you probably want sub process run,
even though there's a lot of other legacy stuff
in the sub project, sub process.
- Open, P open, yeah, P open, for example, yeah.
- Yeah, and call, you probably don't want those,
what you probably want is run.
Run is kind of a catch all that works for most things now,
because I really like, it doesn't show it in the example,
but there's options in run to just turn on like encoding.
Here's the encoding bit that says, you know, turn on.
- Capture the standard ends.
- Oh yeah, there it is.
Capture output equals true.
So that you can capture the output.
That's often what I wanna do if I'm running a program
is find out what its output is.
So this is handy.
However, one of the things that I haven't used,
this article Martin Hines mentions,
there's one right way.
And for his opinion,
the right way is use the third-party package,
which is a very unsearchable package name called the SH.
- You don't even wanna talk about it.
- So I have no idea if anybody's written about this
because it's really hard to Google SH
because it's everywhere.
But it's kind of a neat package.
So I looked it up, of course,
and it's tested on all sorts of versions
and downloaded a ton.
So 3.9 million a month,
look at the stars, 6.6 thousand stars.
So a fairly popular package.
So most of you probably already know about it.
But the-- - It's just us, Brian.
We're just the ones who don't know.
- But there's, it's kind of neat.
there's, what it is you've got commands that are,
that are just kind of look like they did before.
Like LS is sh.ls.
That's kind of neat.
And you can pass in arguments.
What's some of the others,
like I'm gonna go over to the documentation.
You've got LS, you've got like,
what else?
Oh, I guess it just has LX examples.
- Yeah, it gets an example, that's cool.
- Anyway, find, there's a few others.
There's a bunch of others actually.
It's a pretty big package.
And it isn't a rewriting of all of these things.
It's actually talking to your operating system.
So that's the catch.
It's talking to a Unix-like operating system.
So it works on Linux, it works on Mac.
It will not work on Windows apparently, so.
- Unless you're using Windows,
Linux subsystem for Windows.
>> Maybe.
>> Linux, I guess it is.
Yeah. Anyway, the embedded Linux,
you can run on Windows if you want.
>> Okay.
>> Because that's just Ubuntu. So it should work.
>> Perfect.
>> One thing I like, if you scroll up just a little bit here,
so I can point at you on it.
So it says, actually it's down one page.
It says, what you can do is you can say sh.ls,
or you can create a command like any executable you want.
you can just say sh.command and you give it the path to the executable.
And then the arguments can be passed
as if they were a function call on that resulting thing.
So instead of like chaining it all together,
you can say like create the git command and then you could do a
git parentheses,
you know, checkout, comma,
main or prod or whatever.
Right, that's a pretty cool way to
integrate with the command line there.
Yeah, that is pretty neat. So and that that'll work with even your like, like you said,
I think so. If you look at the next example down right below the LS underscore command. Yeah.
Custom CMD is what it says. Yeah.
So your own command, you can you can have it run something and have the arguments listed.
It's pretty neat.
Can even be another Python command. You might think, why would I ever do that in Python? But
you know, maybe that's coming out of a different virtual environment with like some setup that's
that's got a bunch of things
that you're not integrating into your system.
I don't know, there might be reasons.
- Or you're using, so like if you're using
what, click or what is the typer?
They have built-in tests frameworks,
but if you have another, a different command line interface
that you're testing against,
it might not have a way to run the commands directly.
So you could use this to run a Python command for testing.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, neat.
- Couple of live stream comments, Brian.
Michael says, I love Michael, Michael W.
Every time I fall back to OS.system out of habit,
I feel like the old guy measuring his gas mileage
and rods for hedgehog's head.
I love it.
And then Henry Schreiner out there said
there's also Plumbum of which he's been a maintainer
since 2015, similar to SH, but he's not really up on
and both well enough to give a comparison.
Doesn't know SH that well.
- I will check out Plumbum, nice.
- Cool, thanks guys.
- Well, what you got for us?
- I think, oh yeah, no, we got one more, don't we?
I got another one.
So over here, I've got--
- Or do we wanna do an ad?
- Well, encourage people to check out the courses
over at TalkMyLand Training.
always supports us that way, including the pytest course.
Check out the new mobile app that we built
and check out the pytest book.
Really supporting our work that way
is really the best way to support the podcast.
- And visiting the sponsors when we have other sponsors.
- But I wanna talk about buying and selling your data.
So there's an article on PCMag of all places
that I got this that talks about a report released by...
by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, ODNI,
which is pretty much how I'm gonna refer to them
from here on out.
ODNI released this, declassified this report
from January, 2022.
And the headline is, the US says, United States says,
"Yep, we're buying your data,
"including your embarrassing secrets."
Digital information can be purchased
from commercial data brokers and de-anonymize
to ID the person it is tied to,
including US citizens, says the ODNI.
That's a little disturbing.
So when you go to that ad-ridden website
that has 29 trackers and 42 ad networks on it, right?
They're collecting a bunch of data,
but that same network is on a bunch of other sites
and they're pulling all those things together.
We have these data brokers who gather all that information,
but also really, really frustrating things
where they buy and sell your credit card data
and you don't get to say whether or not
you want your credit card data for sale.
I'm pretty sure it was T-Mobile.
There's one of the mobile carriers
who was selling your location data
and you didn't get to opt out of it.
Just like, well, you're using your phone, aren't you?
So why isn't that for sale?
And all of that stuff gets combined
into like a profile on your shadow profile.
And so the news is that the declassified report
here talks about how the US has been buying
large amounts of this type of commercial information
for purposes of spying
and other intelligence related things.
And to some degree, I support what the US does
with national intelligence, you want them to keep us safe
and things like that.
On the other hand, this seems really out of bounds, right?
Like I think the report itself even said
the declassification of the report prompted Senator Wyden
to call on the US government
to rein in unchecked surveillance.
And according to the report,
ODNI does not even know which agents are doing this.
And said, if the government can buy its way
around the fourth amendment,
the required must have a reason to search people
and their properties due process,
then what's the point of it, right?
So that's basically what this report goes through
and talks about.
And yeah, it's not terribly scary,
but it's just another reminder that you should be,
when you go to a website,
like if you go to say cnn.com or somewhere else
and you get a big pop-up,
don't you wanna support us?
Unblock your ad blocker, right?
It's not just about selling the ads, right?
It's about, you know,
willingly feeding yourself into surveillance pipelines,
into retargeting pipelines that might change
the price you pay for insurance
or determine whether or not you're eligible for a mortgage,
not because of what you present,
but because of some back channel thing
that has been discovered about you
in some way that you didn't intend to,
or probably maybe doesn't even make sense, right?
- Yeah.
- Accidentally clicked a link and now you're marked
as something that you didn't necessarily mean to be, right?
So anyway, people can look through this.
I just want to encourage folks to like,
as they think about working with ad companies
and they think about creating these products,
just, you know, try less ads, right?
Over at Python Bytes, go to one of these.
We have our ads right here.
I have like the most intense ad blocking
you can get pretty much.
And what do we see right there?
An ad from Influx Data, because we're not retracking you.
We're not targeting you.
You don't see a cookie banner
because there's no cookies, right?
There's no third-party cookies.
And this is certainly possible.
So I encourage people to use browsers such as Vivaldi
or Brave, not Chrome, that do not track you
as well as NextDNS.io.
I put a link to that in the show notes.
NextDNS, got to spell that right.
Which is-- this is awesome.
I talked about it before, but on your mobile phone app--
so for example, Flipboard is a thing
you flip through when your magazine ads or Apple News,
when you open it up, those are still full of ads,
even if you've got an ad blocker
installed on your browser, right?
But once you put this on your local network,
then everything has ad blocking built in,
even your mobile apps, which is pretty excellent.
- That's pretty cool.
- Yeah.
- I highly encourage people with like lots of non-tech savvy
people in your household to turn this on
so that people can be protected anyway.
- The only trick is it's a little bit challenging
to turn it off because it's like a router setting
for the whole system.
- Okay.
- So what you can do is you can set up DNS over HTTP
on your browsers, right?
And so that way, even if you're not at home,
it still works.
But also I have a second browser,
a second browser that if I have to turn off that,
I set its HTTPS or its DNS over HTTPS
to a non-blocking one.
So I can turn on the ads with that browser explicitly
like to get around this so I don't have to configure things.
But it's a tiny bit of a hassle, but it's super worth it.
- Yeah, another thing, you talked about ads,
but there's also tracking analytics.
So a lot of people are not doing any ads,
but they're just curious about how good their site
is working and stuff.
So they turn on Google Analytics or some other analytics.
And a lot of analytics are kind of awful
about collecting and selling data.
You might get a little bit of value.
Google gets a lot of value from seeing everybody
that goes to your website.
So I do like a lot of people switching
to other types of analytics.
Collecting download counts, a lot of times
you're just your host can do that.
You don't need to put that in cookies or anything like that.
- Exactly, exactly.
That's what we did as well.
I do wanna point out one final thing.
I do find it kind of ironic.
I don't know really what you do about this in life.
So this article is on PCMag, which it's a nice,
it's a well-written article by Michael Kan.
If I go search that in Kaggy and I pull it up,
Kaggy has like a privacy report
on the right-hand side of all these things.
19 trackers and blockers, including advertising,
Google email aggressive, fingerprinting,
email invasive, fingerprinting on and on and on.
It's like, well, okay.
As you go to learn about how this is not ideal,
you only get 19 trackers put on you.
- Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
- Maybe one final thing here is Daniel points out
PyHole DNS ad blocker has a feature
that lets you disable ad blocking for a period of time.
Interesting.
And so the next DNS thing is like
Piehole as a service, basically.
So they're similar.
Interesting, okay.
- All right, well, on a slightly brighter note, maybe,
let's talk about pytest.
- Yes.
- So Frank Wiles wrote an article for Rebsys
titled "Pro Tip, pytest Fixtures Are Magic."
They're not really magic, but they kind of look like magic,
and they seem like magic.
- I just wanted to highlight this because it was a pretty,
fixtures are the part of pytest that is the brain shift.
So when you get into pytest,
understanding fixtures is the big thing
that is difficult to get your head around.
So that's why I really appreciate the article
kind of talking through that.
And fixtures, if anybody is unfamiliar,
you can kind of think of them like set up and tear down.
They run before and after your test.
And well, parts of it run after, if you set it up,
if you need to.
The, now RevSys does a lot of work with Django.
So there's, this is articles talking about the idea of like
you to test your, like, let's say you have a,
it has a like a hypothetical scenario that you've got
a feature where like you're testing a workflow
where you have, you want your,
you gotta have different users,
you need to create an owner,
because you want to see if you can filter swear words
out of comments.
So in like GitHub or something.
So you'd have to create an organization
and then create a user and then have a public repo
and a private repo to be able to test your functionality.
And there's a lot of setup
And there's often a lot of setup needed
for a lot of software projects.
So fixtures are helpful.
So that's the setup he gets through.
Goes through just talking basically about how to use them.
Fixtures are just a function
that are decorated with pytest.fixture.
And you use it by, in the test,
you just call the, you put the function name,
the name of the fixture in the parameter list,
and it magically just happens for you.
And that's the magic part.
The, one of the things I really like is it goes,
kind of goes into depth of even more than that.
They're kind of cool.
You can compose them.
Fixtures can use other fixtures
and you can use more than one.
It's kind of neat.
Goes through talking about also that they can return things.
So they can return either just simple data
like strings or numbers,
but they can also return dictionaries and objects
and instantiated things.
and they can even return a function
that can create things for you.
So, that was kind of a neat example.
He returns, he has a fixture called makeUser
that returns a new user created,
it returns a function that you can call to create a user
with parameters and stuff.
So that's kind of a neat example.
- It's like a fixture factory, factory fixture.
- Yeah, like an object factory returned as a fixture thing.
So, yeah.
- Yeah.
- And another example with like a make admin fixture
that returns a function that can create an admin user.
So that's kind of neat.
One of the things that was new that I hadn't seen,
which is kind of a cool idea,
is how to organize your fixtures.
So he talks about putting,
He's got like, let's say a big Django project,
and each of the different Django applications
within the project have their own tests.
And within those, there's a fixtures file.
You can't use that directly.
This is a trick that they're doing
is sticking the fixtures in a file called fixtures.
And then at the top level,
having a conf test file that imports those,
just imports everything out of it.
And at first I was like, why would you do that?
Why don't you just put Comptest files there?
And whether you think he's sane or not,
the reason is so that you can keep the code local
to the application that's using it.
Maybe it's even a sub project
or a sub Git repo or something, who knows.
But at the top level, you can have access to it.
So any test can access any fixture
within any other application.
That may or may not be a good thing for you,
but it's kind of a cool idea.
And then he talks about how plugins can have fixtures also.
There's the excellent pytest Django plugin
that has things like DB, which marks your tests,
creates the database for you before you start,
and a client that, you know, it makes it,
I'm learning Django right now and I'm using pytest Django
and it's pretty awesome.
And then RevSys itself has an extension
called Django Test Plus, which has a thing called TP
and that has some extra cool features
that aren't out of the box with pytest Django.
So that's kind of fun.
The last bit--
- And even get requests like within the app.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, and test for the response.
Yeah, a lot of, kind of like what you would do with requests
but inside without actually going through the network.
- Right.
And it's very similar to the unit test framework
around the Django, built into Django also,
but it's, and I'm glad that the Django,
Django Test Plus and the Django pytest plugin
are pretty consistent with the unit test.
So if you wanna switch back and forth, it's not that hard.
And as a reminder, you can run unit test functions,
you can from pytest also, but why would you?
The last bit I wanna highlight,
and I have reached out to Frank,
but haven't heard anything back.
He has an example on the auto use, it's just wrong.
So don't take his word for it.
The auto use is cool.
Auto use makes fixtures just run automatically
before your tests without having to call them out.
But it's really hard to come up with a good toy example
for why you'd use it, because there aren't very many
good examples for why you would use it.
It seems magical at first, and then it suddenly,
it doesn't take long to go,
wow, I really should be careful with that,
because you should be careful with it.
This example shows that a global value being set
with a fixture, and that's just not true.
It doesn't do that.
If you wanna get the object,
the return value of a fixture,
you have to name the fixture within the test.
So that's about it really.
It's a pretty fun introduction to fixtures.
- Yeah, they could fix it up by just having a variable
in the module and just saying global
and then set its value, right?
Like you would within the other Python function.
- Yeah.
- But if you wanted to.
- The other thing I wanted to point out is he says,
tempter is a really cool built-in fixture
and it is, but it's kind of deprecated.
Temp path is what we try to get people to use now
because it uses Pathlib and Pathlib is awesome.
- Indeed, Tony Sherman has been on the same journey
and says, "It seems so great, auto use."
At the beginning, things blow up quickly.
And then Brian, can you open up a website for me?
- Sure. - Before we move on
as a piece of followup for plausible.io.
So Pat Decker, former co-guest host about a year ago,
It says plausible is the open source option
alternative to Google Analytics, which is GDPR compliant
and doesn't set third party cookies.
If you scroll down, you can see that somewhere in there.
- Cool.
- Why did I ask you to open it?
Why didn't I just open it on my share?
Because my Next DNS blocks it like it does everything else
until I like clear the DNS out of my web browser,
which is good.
Oh, it finally came back.
It took a while, even though I allow us to did
so I could pull it up.
but yeah, it looks pretty interesting.
I had not heard about that.
So thank you, Pat, for that shout out.
That certainly seems like a,
I know nothing about it,
but what I've already learned is it looks like
a mega improvement over the other types of retargeting,
feeding, third-party cookie dropping analytic systems.
So pretty cool.
- Thanks, cool.
- Yeah.
I have no extras, believe it or not.
- You have no extras.
- So it's all you.
- Okay, well, I got a couple of extras.
I ran across this fun tool or fun contest,
the international obfuscated Python code competition.
I know that those existed for C and Pearl,
but I didn't know that we had a Python one.
Submissions are due tentatively by August 30th.
And I have nothing, no idea about what this,
who's running this, but it looks fun.
Oh, probably the judges.
So Julius, Kevin, Shane, and Anon.
- Anon will judge you.
- Yeah.
But I'm just curious if,
I know that it's possible to write out
like terrible Python code,
but I'm looking forward to seeing the results.
Next up, there's a quick,
we talk about a lot of things
that are using Rust to speed up parts of Python.
So there's a decent article
called "Porting Python Objects to Rust."
I think it's decent.
I haven't walked through it
to see if you can actually do this,
but the recommendation here is
if you've got a Python project
that you'd like to replace all or part of it with Rust,
go slow and port pieces of it at a time, iterative porting.
So there's a lot of things that I've thought about
or cool Python tools, that'd be kind of neat
if like part of it was speeded up with,
sped up with Rust and become, maybe.
- Step one, learn Rust.
- Step two.
Or step one, have a podcast where you convince other people
to write it in Rust.
- That's right.
Also an option.
- Yeah, anyway, that's all I got.
- All right, cool, those are good.
Final one here is Henry points out
that scientific Python uses plausible on their website,
presumably.
- Ah, okay.
- Okay, ready for a joke?
- Well, almost.
I would like to encourage people to submit questions
to our Ask Me Anything.
Let's see, do we have a link for that?
- We do have a link for that.
And the link is, which, yeah, I was gonna mention that
and then somehow didn't, didn't I?
It's pythonbytes.fm/ama2023.
I'll put a link in the show notes.
- Okay, link will be in the show notes
and it'll look something like this.
- Indeed, and we've got a bunch of great comments
and thoughts and very kind messages in there as well.
So much appreciated.
What we're gonna do,
our ask me, ask us anything
in I think July 11th, if we can make it work then.
We'll confirm as we get closer,
but that'd be a fun one for a lot of people to attend live
'cause they could also ask us stuff.
- Yeah, it'll be good.
- Sure will, all right, ready for a joke now?
- Yes.
- So Stack Overflow is pretty awesome, right Brian?
I mean, it's a huge resource
if you wanna find something, right?
You got some kind of problem,
especially if it's kind of outside the realm
of your usual expertise.
You're like, ah, gosh, I gotta work on,
I gotta work on this JavaScript thing.
I don't know how it works.
If I just Google it, maybe someone else has had the problem
or you know, something's not working right, yeah?
But as a social network,
It can be a bit of a rough and tumble place.
Come in here.
And it has this picture of this guy wearing a t-shirt
offering like a bouquet of lavender flowers or something.
He just picked up off of the, you know,
like along the side during some protests.
And there's these like cops or military folks in like armor.
And he tries to offer it to one of them.
that says me asking a question on Stack Overflow.
And then immediately they swarm him and like,
you know, put him in a neck lock and stuff
and says, Mark, just duplicate.
It's always Mark, just duplicate.
- Yeah, and that's the easy one.
It's can be a brutal place.
- Yes, it can.
I find it better as read only.
- Yeah, yeah.
But it is one of those handy places
that happens to have, like when you just take
your actual error message and Google it,
it often lands in Stack Overflow somewhere.
- Yes, it does.
It is often helpful if you're willing to take
a little abuse if you're gonna ask for a patch.
- If you wanna get a headlock, yeah.
- Yeah, exactly.
- Nice, I also heard that like recently
there's been a bunch of Stack Overflow
moderators and stuff that--
- Reddit.
- Oh, was it Reddit?
- A Reddit blackout.
- Yeah.
- So the CEO, gosh, I forgot the guy's name,
the CEO of Reddit decided that they were gonna monetize
the API of Reddit because, like Twitter did a little bit,
Twitter wanted to kill off the third-party clients
just to make them go away so they had more control, right?
That was sort of one of the things that happened
when Musk took over.
So they didn't quite want to do that.
They wanted to charge money for the API
because they're not showing ads for the mobile apps.
And Apollo was the mobile app that was most,
is, I guess, maybe was more accurate, was most popular.
And in order for that app to keep running,
I think they have to pay $20 million a year
in API call fees.
So they're like, well, we don't make that much money.
We're shutting down.
And so they're effectively killed off
all the third-party clients,
which set off a protest.
And the protest manifested in that people
who are moderating popular Reddit areas, sub-Reddits,
mark them all as private to say,
we're taking our contributions we put into Reddit off
as a way of protesting what you're doing to the community
to close it down and extract money from it basically.
- Yeah, but also, I mean, also Stack Overflow.
So Stack Overflow is, oh, six months ago,
is like blocked because of people like,
obviously, I think everybody on our,
that's listening here knows what Stack Overflow is,
but people are taking the questions
and just going and pasting them in JATGBT,
getting the answer and putting them back
into Stack Overflow, that's lame.
(laughing)
What even?
So apparently that's blocked.
So yeah, cool.
Well, I sure had fun talking with you today
and talking with everybody
and just excited about the future
of not using AI for my software.
So thanks Michael.
- I have to go back to writing to myself as well.
Yeah, thanks as always, Brian.
- Bye.
(laughs)